---
date: 2025-11-09
created: 2025-11-09 17:29
modified: 2025-11-09 18:15
tags:
---
> "What lesson changed or impacted you the most?"

It took me a few minutes to answer this question. At first, I thought it might be one of the lessons on emotions, but it didn't really change me or my thinking; the lessons on emotions just gave me clarity and assurance that I was moving in the right direction. So, I thought back to the longest and most painful cry session I had with God, and that was in lesson four. "Getting to Know Our Heavenly Father" was a hard lesson for me, that week I had to admit to myself and God how I was feeling alone and abandoned by Him. It wasn't until I was going through the homework, that I really stopped to think about how I *felt* about God and not necessarily what I *knew* in my head.

Growing up in a Christian household, I memorized verses, sang songs, attended Bible studies, and even took Bible classes. A lot of the people who know me would say that I have a deep understanding of the Word. But that's all it really is, knowledge and understanding. For months, I was struggling with feelings, not my knowledge. I *knew* God was real, but I didn't *feel* like He was there. And in my family, feelings didn't matter; unless they were causing us to act wrong. I often felt like my feelings were ignored, and I needed to bottle them up to keep the peace and stay out of trouble. So, when lesson four came along and started asking me questions about my "emotional perception" of God and how my thoughts and feelings described Him, I stared at the worksheet for a bit. How do I feel about God? Why does that matter? My feelings are misleading and not to be trusted, why should It matter what they say? But that wasn't an answer on the worksheet.

Question after question, line after line. I forced myself to pause and answer truthfully. And, by question five of day one, I was crying. My answers revealed that my emotional perspective of God was horrible. Somehow, the God that I *knew* was loving, merciful, caring, and always by my side, had turned into an inconsiderate, unloving, hard to understand deity. It hurt to admit that. It hurt to read the negative words and the definitions and realize, yeah, that's how I feel. If you had asked me point blank, if God was inconsiderate, I would've immediately said "no" and regurgitated a "Bible school response" about how He is loving and caring. But ask me if God takes into account my feelings and refrains from forcing me to do things I don't want to do, or lets me do the things I want to do; the answer is also "no." Think about what inconsiderate means and you'll see the discrepancy between my intelligence and my emotions. I felt so ashamed and unworthy. How could I, someone who took all the classes, recited the Bible stories, won awards for the amount of verses I could recite, have such a flawed and broken view of God? Somehow, somewhere along the journey, I had failed, again.

Going through lesson four taught me a hard lesson that I didn't want to address, and that was my emotions really control so much in my life. By bottling up and ignoring how I felt, I closed the door to experiencing God's love in a life-changing way. And I damaged a beautiful gift that He had given me, the gift to feel and love and smile. God doesn't give us emotions to make our lives difficult, He gave them to us so we could receive His love and spread it to all the world. My emotions were never meant to be bottled up, they were meant to be addressed and understood, even if that meant looking to the God of the universe and saying "I really don't like you're here right now."

I'm still working on restoring a healthy emotional perspective of my Heavenly Father. The first step, recognizing what I actually feel, has been taken. Now, it's up to me whether I'm going to take the next step, whatever it may look like. And someday soon, I will know my Heavenly Father for who He truly is, and I will gladly enter into his courts with thanksgiving and praise.