---
title: ART101 - Visual and Performing Arts
date: 2025-10-06
created: 2025-10-06 12:16
modified: 2025-11-03 01:07
tags:
  - course/ART101/idx
  - project/university
  - pinned
  - artwork
---

- Art Field Trip Report
	- You will prepare a Field Trip Report, on a play, film, or art museum (or gallery). The report should one page (double-spaced) and will contain both objective and subjective information about the art you experienced. Include titles of compositions with their composers, authors, artists, choreographers, etc., and discuss the works intelligently using terms and concepts learned in class along with your own responses (positive or negative) to the works. These may be completed at any time during the semester, but the papers are due by the last day of class.
- Music Field Trip Report
	- You will prepare a Field Trip Report, on a classical musical concert, opera, or ballet (or ethnic dance ensemble). The report should one page (double-spaced) and will contain both objective and subjective information about the art you experienced. Include titles of compositions with their composers, authors, artists, choreographers, etc., and discuss the works intelligently using terms and concepts learned in class along with your own responses (positive or negative) to the works. These may be completed at any time during the semester, but the papers are due by the last day of class.

---


> [!example] Course / Art101
> - **[[W1 Worksheet]]**
> - **[[W2 Worksheet]]**
> - **[[W4 Worksheet]]**
> - **[[Week 3 – Renaissance Worksheet & Study Guide]]**
> - [[Albrecht Dürer]]
> - [[Apse]]
> - [[Archaic]]
> - [[Basilica]]
> - [[Bayeux Tapestry]]
> - [[Byzantine art]]
> - [[Catacombs]]
> - [[Cathedral Chartres]]
> - [[Cathedral of Florence]]
> - [[Classical]]
> - [[Clerestory]]
> - [[Corinthian capital]]
> - [[Cruciform]]
> - [[Domus Church]]
> - [[Donatello]]
> - [[Doric capital]]
> - [[Etching or Engraving]]
> - [[Florence]]
> - [[Flying Buttress]]
> - [[Fresco]]
> - [[Frieze]]
> - [[Gothic art]]
> - [[Hagia Sophia]]
> - [[Hellenistic]]
> - [[Hieroglyphs]]
> - [[High Renaissance]]
> - [[Humanism]]
> - [[Iconoclasm]]
> - [[Ionic capital]]
> - [[Kouros]]
> - [[Leonardo da Vinci]]
> - [[Martyrium]]
> - [[Masaccio]]
> - [[Michelangelo]]
> - [[Mona Lisa]]
> - [[Mosaic]]
> - [[Nave]]
> - [[Neoclassicism]]
> - [[Notre-Dame de Paris]]
> - [[Obelisk]]
> - [[Oil on canvas]]
> - [[Pediment]]
> - [[Phidias]]
> - [[Pyramid]]
> - [[Raphael]]
> - [[Renaissance man]]
> - [[Renaissance]]
> - [[Ribbed Vault]]
> - [[Roman triumphal arch]]
> - [[Romanesque art]]
> - [[Rose Window]]
> - [[Sandro Botticelli]]
> - [[Tapestry]]
> - [[Tempera]]
> - [[The Church of the Holy Sepulchre]]
> - [[The Creation of Adam (painting)]]
> - [[The Justinian and Theodora Panels]]
> - [[The Last Judgment relief sculpture by Gislebertus]]
> - [[The Last Supper]]
> - [[The Rose Window of Chartres Cathedral]]
> - [[Tracery]]
> - [[Vault]]
> - [[Ziggurat]]
> 
> ^indexof-course-art-