---
title: 'Wednesday, January 31st, 2024'
date: 2024-01-31
categories: [Journal]
tags: [Bible, philosophy]
---

> I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
> — Abraham Lincoln

- The Trinity is not like an egg because the parts of an egg can be separated. A better analogy is a triangle.
- Does {{< sidenote "1 Corinthians 1:3" >}}Grace and peace to you from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.{{< /sidenote >}} and {{< sidenote "Romans 1:7" >}}To all in Rome who are loved by God and called to be saints: Grace and peace to you from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.{{< /sidenote >}} prove that Jesus is God the Father as Oneness Pentecostal believe? They argue that "and" (Greek: kai) in the phrase should be translated as even, making Jesus and the Father seem like one. Which is true, however *kai* also has a very limited semantic range.
- According to {{< sidenote "1 Corinthians 1:17" >}}For Christ did not send me to baptize, but to preach the gospel, not with words of wisdom, lest the cross of Christ be emptied of its power.{{< /sidenote >}} and {{< sidenote "Matthew 28:19" >}}Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit...{{< /sidenote >}}, is water baptism a condition for salvation?
- Paul says Christ didn't send him to baptize people, yet Christ commission his disciples to baptize people. Therefore, is baptism required for salvation? Some groups, such as the Mormons, think so.
- Paul wasn't opposed to baptism ({{< sidenote "Acts 2:38" >}}Peter replied, “Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins, and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit.{{< /sidenote >}}), but he didn't believe it was a requirement for salvation. He believed it was a symbol of salvation.
- In {{< sidenote "1 Corinthians 3:15" >}}If it is burned up, he will suffer loss. He himself will be saved, but only as if through the flames.{{< /sidenote >}}, Paul declares that people are saved only through fire. Roman Catholic scholars argue that "the Latin Fathers take the passage to mean a transient purification punishment in the other world." (Ott, 1960, 483) But here, Paul is speaking about *works,* not people. He is saying that we will have a "reward" in heaven.
- Was Paul's condemnation of homosexuality merely his own idea? Was he against all homosexual acts, or only offensive ones? See {{< sidenote "1 Corinthians 6:9" >}}Do you not know that the wicked will not inherit the kingdom of God? Do not be deceived: Neither the sexually immoral, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor men who submit to or perform homosexual acts...{{< /sidenote >}}

---

Previous Entry: {{< backlink "2024-01-30" >}}  
Next Entry: {{< backlink "" >}}
